Update configuration documentation. (#922)
nomiclabs/buidler: docs/config/README.md

- `gasMultiplier`: A number used to multiply the results of gas estimation to give it some slack due to the uncertainty of the estimation process. Default: `1`.

- `accounts`: This field can be configured as one of these:
  - An object describing an [HD wallet](#hd-wallet-config). This is the default. It can have any of the following fields:
    - `mnemonic`: a 12 or 24 word mnemonic phrase as defined by BIP39. Default value: `"test test test test test test test test test test test junk"`
    - `initialIndex`: The initial index to derive. Default value: `0`.
    - `path`: The HD parent of all the derived keys. Default value: `"m/44'/60'/0'/0"`.
    - `count`: The number of accounts to derive. Default value: `20`.
    - `accountsBalance`: string with the balance assigned to every account derived. Default value: 10000 ETH.

>   - An array of the initial accounts that the Hardhat Network will create. Each of them must be an object with `privateKey` and `balance` fields. Both of them `0x`-prefixed strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - An array of the initial accounts that the Hardhat Network will create. Each of them must be an object with `privateKey` and `balance` fields.
```

- `loggingEnabled`: A boolean that controls if Hardhat Network logs every request or not. Default value: `false` for the
  in-process Hardhat Network provider, `true` for the Hardhat Network backed JSON-RPC server (i.e. the `node` task).

- `initialDate`: An optional string setting the date of the blockchain. If no option is set, the current date is used. Valid values are [Javascript's date time strings](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date/parse#Date_Time_String_Format).

- `allowUnlimitedContractSize`: An optional boolean that disables the contract size limit imposed by the [EIP 170](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-170). Default value: `false`

- `forking`: An object that describes the [forking configuration](../hardhat-network/README.md#mainnet-forking) that can have the following fields:
  - `url`: a URL that points to a JSON-RPC node with state that you want to fork off. There's no default value for this field. It must be provided for the fork to work.

>   - `blockNumber`: an optional number to pin the initial state. If no value is provided, the latest block is used as the fork start.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `blockNumber`: an optional number to pin which block to fork from. If no value is provided, the latest block is used.
```

>   - `enabled`: an optional boolean to switch on or off the fork functionality. Default value: `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `enabled`: an optional boolean to switch on or off the fork functionality. Default value: `true` if `url` is set, `false` otherwise.
```

}
```

## Solidity configuration

The `solidity` config is an optional field that can be one of the following:

> - The solc version to use itself. E.g. `"0.7.3"`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A solc version to use. E.g. `"0.7.3"`.
```

Author: I wonder if the default solidity version should be described as a default value here.

Reviewer 2: There's a very annoying warning if you use the default value, so it doesn't matter that much.

- An object which describes the configuration for a single compiler. It contains the following keys:

>   - `version`: The solc version to use. We recommend always setting this field. Default value: `"0.7.3"`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `version`: The solc version to use.
```

Reviewer 2: This is not optional

>   - `optimizer`: An object with `enabled` and `runs` keys. Default value: `{ enabled: false, runs: 200 }`.

Reviewer 2: This and the following field don't exist anymore. Now it has settings.

Maybe something like
```
  - `settings`:  An object with the same schema as the `settings` entry in the [Input JSON](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/v0.7.2/using-the-compiler.html#input-description).
```

>   - `optimizer`: An object with `enabled` and `runs` keys. Default value: `{ enabled: false, runs: 200 }`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `settings`:  An object with the same schema as the `settings` entry in the [Input JSON](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/v0.7.2/using-the-compiler.html#input-description).
```

This and the following field don't exist anymore. Now it has settings.

>   - `evmVersion`: A string controlling the target evm version. One of `"homestead"`, `"tangerineWhistle"`, `"spuriousDragon"`, `"byzantium"`, `"constantinople"`, `"petersburg"`, `"istanbul""`. Default value: managed by Solidity. Please, consult its documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

- An object which describes multiple compilers and their respective configurations. It contains the following:

  - `compilers`: A list of compiler configuration objects like the one above.

>   - `overrides`: A map of compiler configuration override objects. Keys for this map should be the name of the contract or the fully qualified name of the contract, i.e. the source name followed by the contract name separated by a colon. For example, `contracts/Token.sol:Token`. Values for each of these keys are configuration objects for a single compiler. If not set, this is an empty map.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `overrides`: An optional map of compiler configuration override objects. This maps file names to compiler configuration objects. Take a look at the [compilation guide](../guides/compile-contracts.md) to learn mode.
```
